problem summery: 


aim and objective: 
Web application with great user experience, easy interface and many features.
The main objective of this project is to make well-organized project. Customer can easily choose any car without any problem. 
We were able to solve the customer’s requirement.


Acknowledgments:
Our journey towards achieving the destination for the design and devlopment of this project has finally come to a fruitful culmination.
Our efforts and whole hearted cooperation of our lecturer has ended on a sucessfull note.
During this journey we faced numerous problem challenges.

Plan of the work :
The website layout should be true to its prime offering, provideing best deal of car and providing entire details of car. 
From the very start, users should be able to easily figure out how to go about the site. Let’s first gather some handy insights for the homepage’s layout. 
The whole plan is to follow a standard software development lifecycle model is water fall model to carry out this project.


Problem Specifications:
The purpose of car management system is provide best deals and entire information about car for the user. 
This statement describes the problem definition of the proposed system. The purpose of this site is to book online car.

Literature Review and Prior Art Search: 
Currently, the popularity of online car management technology user can easy to book a car.
Several companies are investing in this field and are competing to release the latest and safest autonomous cars. 
However, this rapid development also creates many security problems, which are considered a significant threat both to industry and to consumers. 
As a result, there is an urgent need to study the possible security threats and different solutions that can ensure the safety of car buyer.
This research article focuses on examining the systematic literature on security. 
It also provides comprehensive and unbiased information regarding various car security problems, solutions.
 Systematic literature review is used for more than 127 different research articles published between the years 2010 and 2018. 
	